I don't know why CD julia is in here but
that's alright i'ma see you imma see you
in seop tonight boy hit you with that
Remington five this is this is the shine
okay names on the wrong side oh yeah
okay so glitch getting started early
mauling gokhan like you should it looks
like this oh nice do a super where that
focus all things over which all day
right now but nice focus hope can
explode at any time any time you can
take it was the damage outfitted yes a
pretty good damage output nigh supreme
oh nice that's your progress the button
but good yes counter face of space oh
man we know focuses ya know ya thing is
no good players you know they love use
their focus is so good it's so good
let's having the leads I wonder I wonder
what goken is good playing against it he
has XP it's not capped on here oh I
don't know if he plays cat yeah cap is
another good go can't punish now shines
go ahead is all more probably for the
best cuz you know yeah okay fireballs
I'll ridiculous y'all ridiculous yeah
one Jesus kick go in and he's in there
well one tengen one ultra to do it and
go through the nearby it that was autumn
God those toes shine god those toes baby
tough actin tinactin
I could sweep ya know good cause that's
a dirty cross fat guy special stopping
oh wow don't say that beauty though
gonna see then scale that much actually
but in it he styling on I got this you
got body get bumped I actually think
okay wins this fight I'm Agassi go get
us all on our roof especially the corner
yes what the incident stand strong
fireball I'll see you that it's anyway
nice crotch for great presence of mind
by shine there to walk without game show
an ounce and miss green great challenge
from glitch there with the Messiah their
use get a double fireball good to hear
from shine right now and I saw just like
I like it Ethel meter Steve Jobs pre-op
it back in the same situation again it's
the back row and absolutely close to
death stuff going to be very high shine
all day all finally got some goods get
in the morphine nice on the channel can
actually win because go Flint shine
jesus kick it's coming any minute so
Rufus player oh really good oh nice that
forward I like it
they actually has a lot of range and
almost kind of ridiculous if Tatsu
started off great in here okay in the
space no sweet focus off the focus is
that oh wow stop it don't play that game
at that staring contest yeah he's more
crack first whoa perfect night my ass
coming busy oh wow we shot was right
ladies gentlemen here I called it is
just like that Shawn timed it up good
start Mei those kids good ball on a
bunny not free not free ad then I'll
shop kid oh no play it is free I'm
competitive looks like shyness maybe
just yeah BB common started off now
shine thing about better be very
comfortable right now don't do that I
jump to the fireball in the heavy up oh
wow it's time this focus didn't let it
rip I got punished instead for me which
coming back oh really drop those right
back at you yep gonna kill it so I have
saved it I ain't go down they can't
match it with Messiah she's got a lot
yeah doesn't matter though you know go
kids free all wake up yeah shy didn't
know what to do right there of course
I
really Jesus kick to the rescue blue
again staying on that ass ya got no
choice hi glitch in full control now I
like him to witness now Barry bars
resources life I would any go for shine
okay lucky break nega hey what the
Messiah he can do something now okay
that way to okay now that wasn't bad
please leave us all of his meter didn't
yeah so so you can actually come back
now now like that though so like that
it's over hey chi Chi's Gigi's I so
winner is all playing out Rico suave